# Internationalization (i18n)

This starter has been entirely designed to natively manage multi-language. Many features allow you to quickly deploy a site in several languages and without too much effort.

## Configuration

It is available in this file:  `/config/lang.config.js`.

I advise you to take a look at it to see what can be done, the parameters will not be listed in this doc.

*Warning*: Always be sure to restart the application after changing these settings

## Translate the static content
  
In the starter, all translations are managed through the [i18next  library](https://www.i18next.com/). The operating principle therefore remains very similar to that described in their documentation.  
  
  
### Add a new language
  
- Add the language in the file `lang.config.js > available`. Based on the existing model.  
- Duplicate one of the folders in the **local** folder by renaming it with the slug of the language you are interested in  (ex: it)
- Translate each locale file in it  
  
### Translate the content
  
As explained in the "wrappers" section of this doc, it is necessary to wrapper each page with the pageWrapper function.  
This one takes the name (slug) of your page as parameter. This name will be used to retrieve the   
locale file that corresponds to the page. For example, the `products` page can have access to the locales file  `products.json`.  
  
- This allows you to scoop some translations to a particular page  
- It is not an obligation. However, if the locale file does not exist, the client will always request the server to obtain it (the server will respond with a 404, which is not a bad thing).   
- If you add new locale files, remember to add the namespace to the config fi under 'namespaces'
- It is possible to define additional namespaces for each page
  
**common.json**  
  
This locale file is the only one that must be present in all languages.  
It is common to all pages and accessible from each of them.
  
**The t function**  
  
It is the same as described in the i18next doc. It is accessible from the props of any wrapped component or page.
This function should be used as follow :
  
     <p>  
	     { this.props.t('header.greetings.hello_world');  
     </p>


To use a translation from a file other than common.json:

       <p>  
    	   { this.props.t('products:header.greetings.hello_world');  
       </p>

## URLs translation

Go to the "router" section of the documentation to find out how to translate URLs.

